Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with David.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the
Asia-Pacific rising after the US and
global equities hitting fresh highs as
the Fed's rate cut boosting sentiment,
the value of global shares nearing $145
trillion.
>> Yeah. The next thing to watch is of
course the call between Presidents Trump
and she later on today with their trade
truths and the fate of Tik Tok on the
agenda. And the chip makers are in the
spotlight. Nvidia betting $5 billion on
rival Intel while Huawei unveils new
technology aimed at chipping away at
Nvidia's lead.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show. Happy
Friday morning. As we go into the final
session of the week, we're looking at
some pretty hefty momentum uh coming
into the session today. We had the
Russell futures on your screens right
now. That contract specifically on the
back of that massive move up overnight.
Yes, everything else was on a record. Of
course, these four benchmarks, the
outperformance, the underscores, the
broadening out of the rally down the
market cap spectrum. All that said,
let's have a look at what else we're
tracking going into today. The I one
item on the agenda, not necessarily a
big event risk, but certainly something
we'll be tracking given of course the
inflation read that's come out earlier
this morning will be the BOJ dollar yen
is trading at about the highs of multi
this multi-week range at about 148 uh
and change. We just came from a central
bank decision of course out of the Bank
of England and the the sense there is
well clearly a hold and then perhaps
some caution going into further rate
cuts at least in in consideration of
rate cuts going into the end of this
year. Uh just to look at 10-year yield
of course and gold futures going into
the into the weekend as well. Okay. Uh
what happened overnight? Not really a
lot of stories as far as the Chinese
equities were overnight were concerned.
We'll have a deeper conversation around
BU in a moment here really given how far
the stock has come up and certainly the
big week we've seen so far in terms of
semiconductor development. Change the
page please as we as far as the Chinese
market is concerned. You had Alibaba
store in Unicom, the Huawei conversation
around them unveiling that sort of
three-year runway uh in terms of them
being able to challenge the Nvidia
story. 310 of 1% uh to the upside and
yeah, we're looking at some strength.
Oh, by the way, we do have some bond
auctions today as well. A 10-year and a
30-year is is on deck today given and
we'll see how whether or not this meltup
in yields recently affects demand, but
suffice to say, we haven't really seen
that play out as far as the the bearish
side of the conversation conversation is
concerned. Ivon,
>> yeah, we'll see how that all plays out.
But as you mentioned with these records
that were hit in the US, right, I think
it's only happened 25 26 times in the
last century where you had the S&P, the
NASDAQ, and the Dow all at all-time
highs. Uh, and that's the first time I
think we've seen that since 2021. So,
yes, and you mentioned the tailwinds.
You add that with a she and Trump call
to end the week. And there goes your
rally then really the the catalyst for
that here as well. So, certainly that's
one to watch. 3,800 is a level to watch
on your Shanghai composite here as well.
We talk about stocks like Jing Mining
given that we getting more details of
the IPO for Jing Gold now. Uh, BU and
Semi is certainly one to focus as well.
CGB sale. We have Macau visitor arrivals
data coming through later on this
afternoon. and we are in that window
also for some FDI data.
>> Okay, just to also mention since we're
talking about central banks here, we're
coming out the Fed, the Bank of England,
we have the BOJ coming through. Uh the
2-year Japanese bond yield actually is
out rising. Well, it's now at the
highest level since 2008. Call it the
17-year high. And I mean, the question
is not whether they move today or they
don't move, but when they really will
move and I think the window out of
Bloomberg economics is that they will
move in. Earliest window would be late
next month. only viable option according
to Taro Kamura because you know you
start to get really busy during the
political agenda when this new
government or new prime minister is
gonna start pushing for a budget pushing
for fiscal expansion maybe things that
might complicate if you're talking about
raising borrowing costs at that time.
>> Yeah. Well, you can wait a few weeks,
right? We waited a few weeks for many
other things. Uh we talked about this
everything rally that's taken place and
really underscored by well not a lot of
negative surprises coming through out of
the Fed, right? So, we've really had a
well- behaved bond market. In fact, the
bond the move index actually dropped to
the lowest in about three years
overnight and that's leading to this
massive meltup in global equities and
we're now nearing this this this this
next milestone which is 145 trillion as
far as market cap is concerned. So, it's
really been a good year to to be long
risk assets
>> or or anything really. Yeah.
>> I mean, you take a look at bonds too.
Bonds have also rallied in the face of
this risk rally as well. We're going to
talk to Amy Sha Patrick from Pendle a
little bit later on on that as well. But
even the fact that the you know the
Russell 2000 the small caps in the US
were also rallying was quite telling
right because you start to see that
maybe this rally can actually extend and
spread to other parts beyond just the
mag 7 right now.
>> Yeah. So as Ivon is pointing out you
have the four major US benchmarks
closing at record highs and you had the
Fed resuming its easing cycles. So it's
all angels and butterflies
>> crown.
>> There we go. Um last time was 2021.
Yeah,
>> that you had all four. All for one, I
swear. For the
>> Yeah, for the for the kids in the 90s,
>> all the millennials out there.
>> Paul Dobson is with us, our executive
editor for Asian Markets. Paul, so what
do we not see here? What's uh that's the
scary part for me, but you know, I'm a
concealed pessimist, but yeah, take it
away, Paul.
>> I think I think we all are, David, as as
seasons journalists. You know, we've
seen the rallies, we've seen the crashes
before. I don't think that there's a
lot, you know, kind of of blind side uh
on the immediate horizon. Look at credit
spreads, right? The tightest since uh
well, the the 1990s
um showing you that people are very
happy with the strength of corporate
America. Um as well as what we're seeing
in in the equities market. And like you
said, bond yields at a government level
uh are still relatively well behaved as
well. Um, now there's the geopolitics,
right? There's also, uh, these inflation
risks. Are they well contained? There's,
you know, you could have concerns about
a central bank independence. Um, you
could have concerns about private credit
and the risks that are getting us, you
know, sort of squirreled away under the
radar there. But all of those things, I
think, are for another day, not for this
week. You know, we've got the central
bank, not only the Fed, but a couple of
other central banks already this week,
cutting interest rates and more uh
likely to come uh around the world in
the coming months as well. Lower
interest rates, reduces the cost of
money, helps corporates, helps the
economy, uh helps people remain bullish
on equities. you know, uh when I was in
London last week, uh the people that I
were talking to there were still very
confident that there's more cash to come
off the sidelines and people wanting to
invest, wanting to allocate more to
equities, wanting to allocate more to
fixed income for that matter and liquid
alternatives. Uh pretty much right
across the board, there was interest in
investing even though as you say, we're
at stretch levels and people will be
looking over their shoulders and at some
point we get towards year end and maybe
people will start to take profits. But
uh for all that, you know, plenty of
record highs like you said across those
US gauges, plenty of record highs in
Asia as well that we've been stretching
again uh in Japan, in South Korea uh for
example. Uh keep your eyes out for the
next the next levels. We're not too far
away, I think, from reclaiming the highs
in India as well later on today or or
later on in the next few weeks.
>> We did see a little bit of profiting
possibly in China yesterday. Um,
obviously we've talked about China Tech
all week. Is it time for some sort of
breather here right now as we countdown
to this Trump and she call later on
today?
I I mean the Trump and she call should
give people hope uh for um you know the
the smooth waters as well and the China
tech space has been going at a
phenomenal rate recently. Um but there's
still there you know the same sort of
thing plenty of cash to come off the
sidelines right we've got this idea that
Chinese households are sitting on a load
of cash still that they need to deploy
at some point or they want to deploy at
some point and equities are offering far
more appetizing uh investment
opportunity at the moment than fixed
income with very low yields or property
which is still not out of the doldrums.
So uh you know if you get a little bit
more of that momentum then who's to say
that the rally can't continue. Uh it
would be nice if it was at a slower
pace. We have seen some foreign
investors taking a little bit of cash
out of that and that has been slowing uh
some of the rally. You know we've seen a
few of the moves out of ETFs the ones
that were bought uh by the so-called
national team. Uh so again a little bit
of a way to put a bit of break on it. Um
but at the same time people are excited
about the prospects of the China tech
companies of the China new economy
companies really and uh and that's why
we're seeing uh these really big uh
gains right across the market.
>> Paul thank you Paul Dobson there joining
us out of Singapore and what to expect
later on today. Let's talk about that
call now. President Trump has indicated
that he may further extend the trade
truce with China when he speaks later on
Friday with President Xi Jinping. The
call will be the first direct engagement
since June between the two leaders and
the issue of a Tik Tok sale should be
high on the agenda. Let's bring in our
chief North Asia correspondent Stephen
Engel on what's being teed up for this
call.
>> Well, it's going to happen about 12
hours from now uh at 9:00 p.m. Hong Kong
time, which is 9:00 a.m. East Coast
time. And it's an important call, no
doubt, because it not only potentially
gets the two leaders agreeing on the
framework agreement that was reached uh
over the course of those high level
talks, obviously the most recent ones
between Besson and Kifong in Madrid, but
also in Geneva and in London. And uh
that will kind of be the the top agenda
item on a list of very contentious trade
issues and national security concerns.
And just getting these two people to
talk for the first time uh meaningful
engagement since June is important. Now
why why is Tik Tok moved to the top?
Well, it seems like it's something that
can be delivered. Uh we still don't have
all the details though. We know that
there's a consortium of what Donald
Trump calls all-American investors going
to be buying the US aside of it. But is
it going to be a licensing deal? Is it
going to be an outright purchase? Is it
going to be what's going to happen to
the algorithms? What's going to happen
to the data? I think the algorithms is
probably the biggest question. Is China
going to be licensing their technology
to the United States but still keep
ownership or is it going to be down
below 20% or are they divesting
completely? I mean, so many questions.
the devil will be in the details and I
and I think Donald Trump has even
alluded to the fact well if if Xiin Ping
in the call is not on board well we can
still walk away this deal and I'm
paraphrasing but this deal is not
necessarily done um he however has
flip-flopped on the Tik Tok issue the
first term he was against it now he's
already claimed that well it helped him
win the election with the younger votes
and he says this is an entity in the
United States that could be worth tens
of billions millions of dollars. I hate
to see value like that thrown out the
window. So, he's he's inclined to do the
deal, but there has to be the right mood
on that call.
>> I mean, we we've just showed it to the
viewers, right? There's a lot of
potential items in that on that agenda.
Soybeans, for example, a lot of these
things Yeah.
>> are very hard to find any resolution to
it. You know, do we get movement? We get
a gesture. Do we get some peace
offering? Well, I think that's why the
Tik Tok deal, if it is agreed to and
goes through, you can kind of see that
as a way forward for um I guess not
congenial, what's the right word I'm
looking for? Just, you know,
facilitating some sort of agreement
between the two countries at a time when
they, you know, are far apart on many
issues, especially trade. Yeah, it'll be
a civil uh agreement, but with
government intervention, right, uh to
use the pun there. But again, uh, the FT
is already reporting that China has
offered a bit of a a I guess an olive
branch by dropping, uh, this antitrust
investigation into Google, which they
launched. Let's be, let's be honest
here, they launched when the Trump
administration launched the tariff
regime. So, you know, and Google doesn't
really have a meaningful presence on the
mainland. Yes, Android is licensed to
many different phone makers, so they do
have an outsized presence on the
mainland, but that what that
investigation was into. The FT is
reporting that they're dropping that
kind of, you know, an easy give for
China to the United States. Soybeans is
a more difficult one because that was
part of the Trump administration's
Yeah, the first one. Yeah, the first
one. And it China didn't follow through
for various reasons. There was the the
the spy balloon, there was co there was
all kinds of issues that kind of
interrupted China's pledges to buy
soybeans. And China since then has
diversified its sourcing to Brazil and
elsewhere. And this is the harvest
season in the United States right now.
And farmers in the Midwest are nervous
because they're not getting the orders
where the order book would be filling up
right now. So we're already seeing the a
secretary, Mr. Rollins, talking about a
possible aid package to US farmers to
alleviate this. So, I think soybeans is
going to be a little bit higher up on
that phone call as well. Boeing jets,
that's a usual deliverable obviously and
and China needs that. They haven't
bought a lot of Boeing jets in a long
time because of geopolitical friction
and rare earths. Uh we just got customs
data out of China saying August it was
the biggest jump on record dating back
to 2012. So, rare earth products
including those magnets are starting to
move. So, that could alleviate some of
the tension.
>> Okay. Well, just to underscore how
multiaceted this relationship really is.
Uh Stephen Angle, uh just really
outlining the many fronts and potential
fronts, we could get more progress
there. Uh coming up here in shows, we're
talking about this tech rally that's
been really front and center if you
think about many of the strategies out
there this weekend. Sean Yang and his
team actually put out this call in BU,
which arguably kicked off this latest
leg higher in the stock price there. So,
he joins us um at the bottom of the hour
in about 15 minutes or so.
>> Yeah. But first, Pendle Group joins us
as we wrap up a busy week for global
central banks. Look at the rates outlook
from Amy Shan Patrick. Coming up next,
we're counting down the opens of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong.
Keep in mind, we are all still on
typhoon watch there. Strong wind signal
number three, Typhoon 3 coming in at
9:20, about 6 minutes from now. This is
the China show. Happy Friday.
[Music]
Welcome back. So, we're going into the
session today with futures to the
upside, cash markets to the upside. We
woke up here in the Asia Pacific to the
Dow, the Nasdaq, the Russell 2000, the
S&P all at records. The everything rally
is what we're calling it. S&P is up 5
months. US Treasury yields a 10-year
yield specifically down for two months
or so. So this calm in the bond market
is really creating this platform on
which risk assets are rallying. But then
again as well bond markets have also
been doing well. Uh let's bring in Amy
Seat Patrick out of Pendle Group of
course this Goldilock scenario and
whether or not Amy we do see a a
something that might upset the comment
in these markets. Amy of course is head
of income strategies there joins us from
Sydney. Good morning Amy. Yeah why don't
we start there? Do you see any potential
risk short term or should they just
enjoy this ride for now?
>> Well, I think we need to separate the
story of what's going on for bonds and
what's been going on with equities. So,
the story I hear a lot about what's
driving both is that because, you know,
the Fed has been talking more about the
downside risks to unemployment and the
US labor market. That then means the
door is open for more Fed cuts. If
interest rates are going to go lower,
then that supports equity market
valuations. Therefore, both can rally.
Whereas I think what's been going on a
little bit more behind the scenes is um
a slightly separate story for both bonds
and equities and probably relates more
to the impacts of tariffs. Right? So if
we think about um how long we've been
waiting for the effects of tariffs to
show up in inflation and print after
print in the US, you're just not really
seeing that come through. I mean even
this week you had the import price index
in the US showing hardly any um
inflation coming through on that side.
And so whether it's importers, whether
it's producers, uh whether it's
suppliers in the chain, um they're
taking all the burdens of tariffs and
therefore if inflation's under control
and we don't need to worry about tariffs
on inflation, then bonds can rally. So
that bonds tick. But then on the equity
side, I think, you know, you could ask
the question, well, if companies are
absorbing all of these tariff burdens,
shouldn't that be bad for equity
markets? But when you look at you know
the tariff affected companies share of
the S&P market cap it's like you know 1%
definitely less than 2% and you know
very similar numbers in terms of their
share of revenue their share of EBIDA in
terms of the the whole index. So at an
index level it's just a nothing to see
here story as well. So that's I think
that's why you've seen this kind of
godilock situation. As for the risk
going forward, well, I would say on
equities, simply just because a new a
market hits a new high is never a good
reason to say, well, this is it. This is
the time to get bearish. But I do see
evidence at least in um our local
markets here in Australia but a little
bit in um you know global indices as
well that the investor behavior from the
price action that we see is tending
towards a lot more of hering and a lot
less about independent investment
assessment of the markets. That is a
little bit of a question mark for me as
to how long this this rally in equities
can sustain.
When it comes to bonds though, the fact
that they're rallying I I the the best
trade it seems like this year has been
the the curve steepeners.
Do markets need to actually start really
factoring in politics playing a bigger
role in monetary policy and and and that
if that's the case, you know, is there
an argument that the curves need to be
more steep steeper from here?
>> Yeah. So traditionally the curve
steepener usually comes into play when
the Fed is in cutting mode, right? Or at
the point where the cycle has pivoted
and they've stopped hiking, they're
starting to talk about cuts. But if you
think about the context of how the curve
has moved since the Fed has pivoted its
stance and has been cutting, you know,
even though we started at extremely
inverted curves, the absolute move of
the yield curve in terms of steepening
has been ginormous up until this stage.
And those who argue that curves should
still be steepening are probably looking
at it from an absolute level
perspective. You know two tens is still
only what in the mid-50s and most argue
that you know by this point of the cycle
it should be in the hundreds if not 150.
So I think that's where the arguments
come from and then you start drawing
arguments from politics and from um you
know central bank independence and is it
really okay to accept this kind of term
premier? Shouldn't we be demanding more
as a reason for why this curve trade
should kick on a little bit more? But I
still go back to the economic
fundamentals for the curve to steepen
meaningfully more from here given how
much we've already steepened. I do think
that you need to see some kind of um you
know Fed um pivot towards a much more
doubbish stance because they see
something um some kind of an emergency
happening in the economy and from what
we just saw from the FOMC this week.
Absolutely not. You know they revised up
their expectations of growth. the
revised expectations of unemployment and
slightly revised up their expectations
of core inflation. This is not a Fed
that's on panic mode at all.
>> Uh and your portfolio focus recently and
maybe into the next few weeks would be
what at this point, Amy.
>> So in my portfolios, I see duration as
being extremely hard. My portfolios
can't go short duration. If I could, I'd
probably be slightly short right now
because the indicators that I see both
for our domestic economy in Australia,
but probably more important for your
viewers, the US economy is just that
everything is fine. Much like what Pal
talked about in the presser this week.
So from a jobs perspective, from a
growth and underlying demand
perspective, you know, the US consumer
that we've been expecting to buckle for
years now and they're not buckling.
Everything is is hunky dory. So from
that perspective, I see in the near
term, if anything, if there's room for
disappointment, it's probably in the
bond markets for um what's priced in to
for a couple more cuts to be taken out
or for for the Fed to take longer to get
back to um what they believe to be a
neutral uh policy rate from here. But so
so in this environment, it's really
difficult for me to get short-term very
bullish on bonds. But I do think that
you know it's it's a matter of time when
you do get this kind of herd thinking
and herd behavior happening in equities
and if I start to see more signs that
the way equity markets are moving are
becoming more and more divorced from the
company fundamentals and from the
economic fundamentals then that opens up
the gap for a bit of a shock to to the
system that may cause a bit of a reset
in pricing. So near-term probably slight
slightly bearish on duration but longer
term I see an opportunity but only after
a reset.
Amy, thank you Amy Shia Patrick there.
Have a great weekend. Head of income
strategies at Pendle Group joining us
from Sydney there. Your pre-market is
just opening up here in the hang. And
there you go. We continue to see slight
gains here. Futures are slightly to the
downside here today. 7-Eleven for dollar
China here this morning. The fix just up
there. There you go. 71128
this morning. This is Mumb.
[Music]
All right. It wouldn't be the trend show
if we're not talking about Laboos,
right? I mean, talk about when it comes
to the shares down some 2%. So, there
has been some concerns about the resale
price of Laboos. Well, that seems to be
the case today. But city reaffirming
saying, "Look, don't look at that as a
negative right now. the restocking
initiatives actually cater to real
demand and really improving the customer
experience there. So that actually
should help IP popularity. So
>> yeah, I mean the fact that we're looking
at inventory levels now almost like when
you look at oil prices and IA stock
piles
>> as a commodity
>> as a as a bullish call. Uh there's
there's a partnership that was announced
strategic 5-year partnership between the
two companies. We'll talk more about
this at the open which is coming up.
This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. Just over 40 seconds to
the opening bell. It's been a fantastic
week for risk assets globally. We've
seen a bit of consolidation in the
onshore markets the last couple of days
or so. 3,800 the level to watch. We'll
talk more about that later. Hanging
index right now slightly uh to the
upside. Any clues from overnight were
not as strong as we've seen in recent
days, but we'll see. Of course, we have
a couple of seconds to the open and
we'll see of course what happens here
going into the open today. Yeah, I mean
even starting yesterday, you started to
see a little bit of retreat uh in there
towards late of the session there
because you know maybe we're waiting for
this GT Trump call to see if there's any
sort of breakthroughs that come through
when it comes to Tik Tok and whether
that leads to some sort of summit
between the two leaders uh later on this
year. That certainly is probably the
next sort of milestone that we're
watching out for in this market. But
we're still kind of ending things on a
pretty positive note when it comes to
stocks, right? given just the massive
rally we've seen around Chinese tech
this week and you know this whole
rerating it almost seems like around the
whole AI cloud trade uh and Huawei you
know with the news yesterday about them
developing their own chip there to
challenge Nvidia that certainly is going
to be adding a little bit more to that
trade as well but you take a look at how
onshore markets are doing we're pretty
much flat right now watching very
closely what goes on when it comes to
the tech space there you go Cabricon
tech that's down some 2% here this
morning uh and we're watching very
closely what goes on when it comes to
the remman be because that fix just came
out as well. The spot and the fixing
rates are are actually that gap is
really closing quite a bit, right? So in
some sense it seems like right now you
know the supply and demand for remb
seems to be quite balanced in some ways
and maybe it doesn't need the central
bank sort of help in sort of anchoring
the currency anymore. That certainly is
something that we've seen of late. You
flip the boards and see how Hong Kong is
doing as well, right? So, uh, you know,
obviously, you know, yesterday it was a
bit of profit taking in some cases here,
but tech still seems to be pretty strong
right now. We're up about a tenth of 1%
at least. We're extending that. Alibaba
seems to be one of the main drivers of
that right now. Alibaba's up about 610
of 1%. BU though is slightly down about
8/10en of 1%. And of course, we're
watching the likes of, of course, BU
given we're going to get Arte uh
Shanyang a just a couple minutes of
course after their upgrade. uh that
stock really has gone gang busters this
week uh of course. So certainly that's
one to watch. Let's take a look at SMIC.
Let's take a look at Huah. Some of these
homegrown sort of players there and we
are continuing to see some decent gains
here when it comes to both of those are
up more than 1%. Uh Diging Mining. So we
did get more news about the IPO for
gold, right? So we know they're going to
be listing on the 29th. They're seeking
about $3.2 billion. This is going to be
the world's biggest IPO now since May.
Of course, CL. So certainly that's going
to be the big one to watch in the next
coming weeks as well. And then we have a
trading debut today. So we're talking
about Gen Fleet Therapeutics in
Shanghai. So there you go.
>> Doubling the price on the first day of
school, Dave.
>> Yeah. Well, you know that specific stock
when I'm looking at it just now. So it's
actually hitting on really two very two
themes with very strong momentum behind
it. One is of course this equity market
that's been on fire in terms of equity
financing, raising equity financing. The
other thing is it's a biotech company,
right? So those two things are well 121%
now as I speak. Isn't doing as well as
Gen Fleet, but has done exceptionally
well still
um has been BU. Right. So where are we
as far as this trade is concerned? Um
I'll show you one chart that actually
underscores how quickly the stock has
actually risen. The the blue line on the
screens is the share price. The yellow
line is a 12-mon consensus price target
from analysts for the very first time
and you don't normally see the actual
share price trading above the target,
right? Well, that's happened um because
of this rally that we've seen recently.
In fact, I think some of the other
things that we're tracking here as well,
stock is up 51%. It's a top five stock
on the Hangen Composite. It's added some
$16 billion.
So, what now? What are the opportunities
still? What's been baked in? What does a
company need to deliver to justify where
we are as far as current valuations go?
Let's bring in our guest Sean Yang,
senior research analyst at Aretti
Research. They upgraded by you of course
from cell directly to buy earlier this
week, citing search engine operators,
new in-house chip venture as having the
potential to more than offset. This is a
very long introduction here. Uh the
online advertising business. Uh Sean,
good morning and and a pleasure to have
you on the show. the
the bull case is quite clear. We we can
look at potential maybe holes in the
bull case but what is the risk right now
at the current share price level? Let's
start let's start there and work
backwards.
>> Uh the current risk I think that you
know uh BU's advertising business has
always you know uh they always have some
issues with advertised businesses. So
it's it's like a search business is
under attack by a lot of other players
like Shiaongu red little red notebook
and also uh Tensson WeChat search and do
search. So uh the advertising revenue
will continue to like decline for I
think will be continue to decline for a
couple years. The other thing is that
you know the current market expectation
for the uh cloud and AI chip and
autonomous driving seems that are rising
but whether BU could deliver the numbers
uh just to prove that they are making
progress uh uh I think that is also some
something to watch out next several
quarters.
>> Uh yeah Sean we we spoke with McCory's
Ellie Jang yesterday about that very
topic right they they need to stabilize
the struggling ad business. Let's take a
I just want to play a clip here. Just
take a listen.
>> Investors started to get much more
excited about the hardware side which is
their self-developed Quinland chip. But
at the same time, I guess the flip side
of that argument is by ser's core search
remains heavily under pressure, right?
So I think for investors, we always have
to kind of debate the pros and cons. And
of course in Badu's case uh you know the
the whether they are able to achieve
kind of more of a stable stage for their
search decline uh would be the key
catalyst to watch out.
>> Sean your argument is that this this
chip venture for BU is enough to offset
at least the the weakness in the online
advertising business in terms of Kunlu.
What are you looking out for the most
when it comes to this chip now?
>> Right. Uh I mean yeah we did a like some
of part analysis uh basically in our
with our latest target price we think
like advertising only takes 19%
something uh of the whole valuation and
uh like uh cloud and chips takes roughly
about 60%. So in terms of equivalent
chip because we have already seen some
early stage announcement for example
they announced that China mobile the
China's leading telecom company uh
purchased uh like large amount of prolin
chips and also we have seen that uh I
think China merchant group which is also
leading like state on enterprises also
start to purchase chips from bu
similar announcements going forward And
people will I think after this
announcement after more like external uh
clients start to purchase B chips Bon
chips then more people will recognize uh
like the quality of B chips.
>> Yeah. Okay. So Sean let's put that
together over a 12 month view and what
to expect as far as whether that's
margin trends and the profit margin or
the profit itself. How do you think this
shows up or hopefully shows up in
financials these next 12 months?
>> Uh because BU disclose very limited
information now. Basically they bundle a
lot of things like autonomous driving
and cloud and cheap businesses together
into other revenue. So I think my
suggestion for the company that probably
they need to break down a little bit at
least to let investor know which you
know what's the number like percentage
uh of this like revenue mix. And the
other thing is that we are probably
going to see the uh uh uh like the other
revenue like growth uh very fast and uh
likely to to do surpass like advertising
revenue very soon and by that time I
think that people needs to do like to
break down the each businesses just to
have a more careful analysis but you
know going forward finally all these our
discussions will return to the company's
revenue growth and like other like
profit growth. Uh so so so finally that
by doing deliver like concrete numbers
to support their their their stories.
>> Sean, I know I want to broaden it out a
bit. I know you also upgraded Alibaba uh
price target there a few weeks ago.
Obviously there's a lot of optimism
around the cloud business there as well.
And there's a lot of CCTV reports just
this week saying that, you know, their
chip design unit Tad has also developed
some sort of AI chip that is on par with
Nvidia's chips as well. There certainly
is that sort of narrative that we're
seeing when it comes to even Huawei's
chip of late. I mean,
do you how can we measure whether these
claims are true and will hold
>> and whether actually these companies can
actually scale up to a point to reach
mass production?
Right. I I mean I mean I think that's
the most important thing I've seen here
that there has been very like um strong
demand in China for the AI chips. Uh
that's mainly because I think that
there's also very high demand for
China's AI developments. All the
industry are trying to uh like embracing
AI but on the other hand there's
relative like shortage of AI chips. Uh
and uh uh I think that there are a lot
of articles describing this situation.
So I think that probably takes some uh
some time for these Chinese domestic
made chips either Huawei, Camry, Baba or
BU to catch up. It's definitely not very
easy to uh to compare their their
capability with Nvidia now to be honest.
But I think it takes takes time. And I
think the other thing is that if there
are more enterprises clients are using
China domestic chips which on the other
hand definitely strengthen this these
companies this uh like uh like Huawei or
Camry car or Baba BU their capability
and and just try to uh push them to
produce more and improve the whole like
products quality. So it takes some time.
it takes take I don't know what how long
takes but I think that's something
that's definitely going to be exciting
investment senses going forward
>> Sean the the one stock that has
not ridden this this this recent wave is
is Mwtoan and we understand the
fundamentals of the outlook don't seem
as rosy compared to the others you
currently have a sell rating on the
stock what would make you change your
mind here and do you think we'll get
that catalyst over the short term on
mateto
>> uh for mateto one I think the problem
that they are still like trapped in a
very intensive competition in like food
delivery businesses definitely there are
some catalyst for example mtoan also
launched a AI agents I think like just
uh last week or sometime uh but I think
that's the uh seems that there's a lot
of enthusiasm among the like users uh
and the other thing that mine is also
trying to expand uh like globally. Uh so
but I think that's the most important
thing that um when can we see relatively
easing competition in food delivery? I
think that is the most important
question for me.
>> Sean, thank you so much. Sean Yang
there, senior research analyst at Arte
Research. Of course, we're going to
check this IPO or at least the train
debut today for Gen Fleet. So this is of
course the biotech company uh that is an
H share listing here today and yeah we
talked about doubling in price on the
first day of trade. We continue to see
there you go 120%
upside this morning when it comes to
that particular stock. Uh we're also
talking about a very big IPO coming up
right uh we're talking about Zing Gold
seeking to raise 3.2 billion through its
IPO in Hong Kong which is set to be the
world's largest deal of its kind since
May. Trading scheduled to begin on
September 29th. Now, let's bring in
Manuel Balgori, who leads our AP pack
deals coverage here on yet another big
one coming through in Hong Kong. What to
expect on the 29th?
>> Another big IPO. It's exciting. Yeah,
just uh coming back after the summer
holidays and big IPOs taking place.
>> Um this one is a good one. Uh Sing Gold
uh definitely um the biggest of its kind
since May as we've reported. Uh set to
begin trading next week. We've seen a
good quality of corner store investors
piling in. Uh so let's see. I mean it's
still early to tell but it feels like
it's in high demand. Uh it's a company
with a good track record for sure.
>> Okay. Well, who are the backers of this
one in terms of the institutional? Who
are the ones that are just to give us a
sense really of what that institutional
backing is? Yeah, the the corner store
investors uh David as we know uh here in
Hong Kong they they um they get a
certain allocation
uh you know in return of staying or
keeping the stock for at least 6 months.
Uh those so-called cornerstones uh
include the likes of TIC, Millennium,
Hill House. So those are big
institutional uh reputable and
well-known uh investors. uh uh
interesting for instance uh Millennium
right that we've seen them coming in in
a couple public markets uh deal recently
I mean Hill House uh really solid track
record uh uh and GIC obviously as well a
big name uh so just uh I think when you
see those big names piling in it's
always uh you know a good a good um you
know kind of solid foundation for what's
to come uh but obviously you know we'll
see how uh the books uh build up uh over
the coming So,
>> okay, there we go. 29th of September is
the debut date.
>> Perfect timing, right? I mean, gold
prices are at records. Why not?
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah.
>> It's also a month before Halloween.
>> Oh, yeah. Well,
>> ohoo.
All right. We'll see if we bump into the
millennium guys, which I tend to see
some of them every now and then on a
Friday afternoon. Anyway, okay. You can
get an insidider guide to the money and
people shaking up the finance here in
Hong Kong. It's out every Thursday. The
latest one, of course, is out. You can
check someone has an entry in that
newsletter.
>> Yeah, check it out. I wrote I I
contributed this week.
>> Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Well, AIA Group CIO Mark Conan says
while China's property crisis is still
hanging over the economy, market
sentiment is clearly improving with
foreign investors seeking opportunities.
Now, Conan was speaking at the China
Show subscriber event after a recent
visit to the mainland.
>> Sentiment has definitely changed on the
ground. That that's for sure. Um I don't
think we've seen the back of the um the
onflow the after impact after effect of
um the slowdown in in residential
property. That's still a spect which is
hanging over the consumer. But we've
clearly seen a mobilization of resources
and an alignment of policy which has
really galvanized confidence and you
it's palpable. You can see it. You the
um I spent a day in a workshop looking
at China logistics and um and data
centers. Um extraordinary growth. Um all
of the things that we've been talking
about, you know, Steve mentioned 35
years. All of those things that we
always talked about on on enormous
scale, they're now coming back into
play. And there's a real level of
enthusiasm and optimism around that. And
dare I say, you're even starting to see
foreign investors come back to China.
you're starting to see some of the big
global pension funds, the sovereign
wealth funds starting to come back in
and realize that there's opportunity
there that they should be participating
in. And there's a sense that, you know,
if this is if this is the we're now
scraping along the bottom, this is the
right time to re rebuilding positions.
>> You've invested in Hong Kong for a long
time. The Hangen Index, can I can I can
I trust this one? because you've we've
had our hearts broken a few times
>> in just 18 months, let alone the time
before that.
>> Trust is a big word. I mean, can you
make money? Yes. I think that that's
that's more the point. And the fact that
it's driven by policy as well. So, it's
really it's really an alignment of
policy and action and and and getting,
you know, the IPO market started up here
again and it's phenomenal, you know, at
a on a global level. Uh and it's really
infused investors once again. So yes,
you can trust that this is this is real
and there's and there's a lot more to
come.
>> Do we regret not taking advantage? Do
you think we will regret not taking
advantage of the the treasury yields on
the table especially when we think about
you know the end of US exceptionalism
the role of the dollar like where is
your head around the entire
conversation?
>> Yeah. So firstly I would say that we
don't trade the long end. We don't get
rewarded for taking rate risk. So what
we do is try and we we we hedge out as
much rate risk as possible. rate
volatility costs us capital. So we try
and neutralize that as much of possible
but we do we do take um tactical
positions and we have during the course
of this year there have been
opportunities because of the volatility
and I think that's been one of the sort
of trademarks of the of the market this
year. You have tremendous volatility in
rates across the curve. Um I think where
we sit today is that most most of the
action is going to be the short end that
we're going to we're going to see the
short end give up but the the long end
could go up a little but not
significantly so. So I'm not sure we
would be we would be aligned with that
and taking more tactical moves. We're
very happy with rates where they are at
the at the long end.
>> A large book of your policies are dollar
based. Yes.
>> How how does the overall confidence or
lack of confidence on the dollar longer
term mean for your sales and for your
investment opportunities now?
>> Well, typically when we've seen dollar
weakness in in this region, it's been
positive for the for the economies
across the region. It gives it gives a
little bit of headroom in terms of of
policy flexibility. But um what we
really want is we want to see um we want
to see liberalization of the capital
markets across this region. The biggest
constraint we have um in terms of
growing our business is can we find
enough
deployment? Can we find enough assets to
deploy? And if we look at the capital
markets across this region extremely
constrained. So here's an opportunity
you know slightly weaker dollar in terms
of the trend. Will we see the the the
liberalization that we're expecting?
obviously taking advantage of that
headroom. Um it looks like we're going
to be dis disappointed again. So yeah,
so so out across the region, you know,
China's a big play, you know, the the
the the move for offshoring production
to take well to to avoid the the impact
of tariffs sort of aligning with what we
saw in the in the um in in previous
decades with Japan after the Plaza
recall. that that's the sort of thing
that we we're very much focused on
because it's not the same it's not the
same story being replayed again because
these tariffs are rolling out across the
whole region. So it's very very finely
balanced.
>> Yeah, that was Mark Conan who joined us
of course last night at our subscriber
event for the for the China show just
talking about many things there uh among
the many other things of course that uh
weren't included there in in that final
cut. But yeah, in in any case, of
course, you could rewatch that interview
uh that we just showed right now on TV.
>> Thanks. Thanks for coming to our
subscribers, too. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean, ended quite late,
relatively speaking, for our for our
usual habits,
>> but it was it was a good time.
>> I'm nursing a bit of a headache. I
wonder why.
>> A struggle bus a little bit, but you
know, we'll get through it. It's Friday.
>> Yes.
>> TV go. You can check out more. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some corporate stories that we're
tracking for you today. Shares of GE
Healthcare closed lower in the US after
Bloomberg reported it's considering
selling a stake in its China business.
Sources say a potential transaction may
value its China assets at several
billion dollars. If it happens, GE
healthcare would join other firms
evaluating options for their China
businesses amid fierce domestic
competition. India's securities market
regulator has cleared the Adani group
and its billionaire founder Gota Madani
of some allegations raised in 2023 by
the US short seller Hiddenberg Research.
It's found no evidence that Adani used
so-called related party transactions to
move money into its listed units. Adani
has welcomed the decision, repeating
that the claims made by the now defunct
Hindenburg were baseless. All right. Uh
Dave, you've been tracking. If we had to
make a a playlist for for this China
rally,
>> you're coming up with some names, right?
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, I think we're giving
away the the title. You know, Weren't we
joking the other day? We were bantering
on this, right? That you know, my plan
was not to get a haircut
um until either I think the Shanghai
comp reached 4,500 or the Hangen Index
uh top 29,000.
>> Yeah. No, your your hair cannot stand
it. You need a haircut like now.
>> Well, our viewers just have to live with
it.
>> And the peg was where were we going for
Michael Bolton, right? Like that was the
peg.
>> Wow. That's ambitious. Michael Bolton.
>> Yeah. Well,
>> not everyone can can rock those waves.
>> They can pull it off. Yeah. Nor do I
have the that that husky baritone vibe
that he has going. But then again,
>> you're good with charts though. Tell me
about this.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes. We've been leaning on
that uh the support level on, you know,
we like nice round numbers, right? 3,800
has really been that level with the
exception of one day where we closed
below it. For the past several weeks,
we've actually closed above that. We
bounced off that several times. We did
so again exactly there yesterday and
that seems to be where the market thinks
the the current floor is at least on the
Shanghai compos. We'll ask this question
actually to Tommy Fang out of UBS who'll
be joining us in a couple of minutes
time. Keep it here.
[Music]
All right. Um, if you have weekend
plans, h we don't know what's going to
happen. T3, uh, is going to be happening
in the next few hours or so. So,
certainly that's going to be the one
thing to watch here. Um, preschools,
kindergartens already closed for the
day. So, yeah, it's going to be a long
weekend for us. Maybe we have to hunker
down. We'll see.
>> Ahead of the big one next week, which is
>> Yeah, which is the one we're tracking as
well going into
>> should be Tuesday, Wednesday, right?
>> I mean, we've barely had sunny weekends
here in Hong Kong. No,
>> we've had one or two very very recently,
but they were just scorching scorching
hot. So,
>> stock up while you can.
>> Absolutely. Um the a lot of stories
across these markets today. Um I think
the latest one in fact in the last hour.
So, we've gotten some a lot of corporate
news. We'll start things off here with
uh with Xiaomi and this software fix uh
and this recall uh just under 117 uh,000
cars. The market doesn't seem to be
reacting quite a bit. In fact, it's
going the opposite way right now. We
were down as much as 2%. Volumes were
picking up though uh going into today.
Uh and as you can see, we are just
wrapping up. Well, we're going back to
Xiaomi. Okay. Uh the other story is this
strategic partnership between CL and Lee
Auto, 5-year partnership, car safety,
battery safety, and stocks are doing
this. Uh the big news could come in the
form of well the big event will come of
course at 9:00 p.m. local time which is
that and we'll talk more with Steve on
this phone call between the two
presidents. Markets don't seem to be
extremely bothered or building up hedges
ahead of that. In fact when you look at
implied vault overnight on dollar China
you look at over the past month or so
markets don't seem to be worried too
much o over this going going into that
meeting.
>> It really hasn't been for for months now
right? We really haven't been talking
about trade. It's really all about AI.
it's really all about all these thematic
sort of investing in this market. Um,
but you know, I think it's because it's
the fact that you also heard from
President Trump saying, you know, we
probably could extend uh when it comes
to some of these truses. So certainly uh
there's a lot at at hand here uh
especially when it comes to Tik Tok,
right? And that sort certainly has been
put on the top of the agenda. Let's
bring in our Stephen Engel, chief
correspondent on what to expect from
this call in what less than 11 hours or
so.
>> That's right. So, obviously trade is the
big issue, excuse me, behind the scenes.
Uh, but Tik Tok has risen up to the top
of the agenda because it's one that at
least Donald Trump is telegraphing that
it could be delivered. And that's what
everybody's looking for after all these
months of turmoil with uh from
liberation day to the the threats and
the realization of tariffs and just the
icing of of Donald Trump if you will by
Xiinping not taking call until really um
more recently and we're going to get it
in about 11 hours time. Um, you just had
this this sense that we need some
deliverable because you can only kick
the can down the road so many times.
We've had so many truses, right, and
extensions and the current one expires
November 10th and Donald Trump, as
you've just alluded to, why the markets
are not necessarily on tender hooks
because Donald Trump keeps on
telegraphing everything that's possibly
going to happen, right? and he's saying
well we can extend this again under the
current terms. So right now the trade
friction seems to be on the back burner.
The big question is can they get this
framework agreement uh that was done
over several uh high level meetings
between Kifong and Scott Besson and
Jameson Greer. Can they get it across
the line so both leaders can take
deliverables? Okay. Right now they're
doing the leveraging and the pulling the
levers to see if they can get the better
side of the deal. What we need are the
details of the deal. What's going to
happen with the algorithms, right? Is
this going to be a licensing deal or is
it an outright purchase by this
consortium that uh the White House has
talked about between Oracle and Trees
and Horowits and uh what is it? Silver
Lake Management. Uh we simply don't know
what it's going to look like. the US
entity. Donald Trump says it could be an
entity worth tens of billions of
dollars. Seems quite exorbitant, but he
says, "Why would you throw that kind of
value out the window?" So, he's on board
with it, but he has to see what kind of
tone is going to be struck in this phone
call. How long is the call going to
take? And is it going to be bogged down
in their differences or are they going
to find that common ground on Tik Tok?
Because China so far, they've
telegraphed over all these years that
Tik Tok's been in the focus of national
security issues. somewhat reluctant to
give it up,
>> right? So, what's this going to look
like?
>> Yeah. In fact, let's let's listen in on
how President President Trump actually
frame, you know, going this this Tik Tok
conversation going into today, which
really underscores why the markets so
far aren't too worried about this. Let's
have a look at that guys if we can.
So what we're doing and we're speaking
to President Xi on Friday to see if we
can finalize something on TikTok because
there is tremendous value and I hate to
give away value and we're doing it in
conjunction with China but we are
getting uh the United States is getting
a tremendous fee plus I call it a fee
plus for just making the deal. And I
don't want to throw that out the window.
We're pretty close to a deal. We may do
an extension with China but it's an
extension based on the same terms that
we have right now which are pretty good
terms.
Yeah, Steve, who would have thought that
Tik Tok would be the lowhanging fruit
among the many other prickly issues uh
that they need to get over.
>> Yeah, but still not a lot of detail
there. A lot of hyperbole, not a lot of
detail. So, I'm still I'm a stickler for
detail. I need to know then I can make
up my mind whether this is a significant
move or not. What is this deal going to
look like? And does this pave the way uh
perhaps for further cooperation on other
more prickly issues? because there are a
lot of prickly issues obviously that
have been the bugaboo for trade. Um no
doubt soybeans is going to be one. We're
going to talk about that uh you know in
greater depth later this hour. But
soybeans right now it's the harvest
season in the United States. Farmers in
America are quite concerned that they're
not getting the order books filled for
their soybeans because China, let's face
it, they've diversified their sourcing
to Brazil and elsewhere. They didn't
fulfill their commitment in the first
trade uh deal that Trump uh made. uh but
pandemic happened a lot of things
happened and now soybeans for the
Chinese they found other bi other
sources uh now there's certain olive
branches that China can also offer
gestures uh one is the just basically
according to the FT scrapping this
Google antitrust investigation on the
pre prevalence of Android across China
but let's let's face it that was more
symbolic than anything you know China or
Google doesn't have a meaningful
presence on the mainland land right now.
So they can do that. That could be an
easy gift for for uh China to give to
the US for good faith. Uh the other one,
rare earth. We're already seeing the
exports according to China customs in
August. We're at record levels for rare
earth minerals and the products
including those magnets that the United
States needs. That is a lever that China
is definitely going to use and has used
in the past. It looks like the numbers,
the export numbers are quite strong in
August.
>> All right, Steve. Thank you. our chief
Malaysia correspondent Stephen Engel
there. Um, of course, let's let's get
the take from UBS, right? They've been
talking to a lot of overseas investors
getting more confident who they say are
getting more confident when it comes to
China despite the back and forth on
trade as well. Let's bring in Thomas
Fang, head of China Global Markets at
UBS. Tommy, it's good to see you.
>> Yeah, it's good to be here.
>> Um, what's the sentiment like now? I
mean, obviously, we've seen a rally,
things have slowed down a little bit,
but where do we stand now? Well, we just
uh finished our 22nd uh anniversary of
Asia conference uh a few weeks ago. So,
we have seen record attendees both from
global investor and the domestic. The
overall if you look at it on the back of
very strong momentum particularly in
August investor are really looking to
China both the long-term investors and
also trading oriented investor both
domestic and international.
>> Okay. I want to ask you a followup on
the trading oriented clients of of of
the bank here. So what seem to be the
preferred strategies right now like what
what have they been doing?
>> Well, there are a lot of fundamental
driven but short-term oriented uh
clients. Um obviously u the AI supply
chain has been the focus but overall the
the biotech and then the new consumption
and then some of the other uh high beta
name has been very much uh in focus. H
>> are is there still hesitation for many
to to want to deploy more capital into
the this market here right now? I mean
in terms of the macro side of things are
they still focus on the fundamentals and
and waiting for maybe something more
there before they actually get more or
turn more bullish?
>> Yes, there are um I would say skeptism
from global investor especially the
long-term oriented u and patient capital
if you will. So they are looking at
broader base um rebound for all sectors.
Yeah. Not only just the high beta one
but also you know the the beaten up you
know consumption names. The argument is
if it's fundamental plus the
liquiditydriven rally with the lower
risk uh free rates and the risk premium.
So it's should justify for all sector to
grow. We have seen some of those uh uh
rotation and now we see the exchanges
and regulator are also putting some
messages to calm down some of the the
more hype sectors and have the broader
rallies. Yeah.
>> So they're waiting. Is it fair to say
that the patient money they're waiting
for the macro to turn and for that to
look convincing before they reallocate
in a bigger way back to to Chinese
equity markets?
>> I think people equity investor always
invest ahead of the the overall macro or
economics if you will. So they want to
see clear signals if it's the anti-
evvolution uh campaigns whether you
trickle down into the profitability of
the broader uh companies and then they
want to see liquidity uh spread
broaderly not just a few uh high beta
sectors. So those are the theme they're
looking for. We have seen some of the
encouraging signs and uh we'll continue
to uh to work with those investor to
find those uh broader base
opportunities. Yeah.
>> What do I do with tech now? I mean
>> what do I do with tech now
>> the high growth high beta
>> well I think so this is uh the key theme
not just for China globally right so
this this is what drives uh um the US
market and also the good news is the
logic become aligned globally so we we
have seen global investors looking at
the sector holistically um compare
valuation so now before it's it's quite
hard to compare us versus China but now
with deepsek and then some of the
comparables they look at the overall
tech uh deep tech uh high-end
manufacturing and AI supplier chain
valuation in a sort of a like forl like
basis so we have seen uh investors
overall sort of responses yes um the AI
sectors some of the leading uh names in
China has rallied quite a bit but
compared to the four looking of 12 to 18
months it is justifiable but whether so
this will be a two threeear story so
then they will have have sustained a
longerterm rally.
>> What about the other themes that did
well going into this one but somehow got
forgotten because of the the tech rally
things like dividends or value plays for
example. What about those other
strategies? Well, we we still see you
know for example for Hong Kong um
because of there are um you know very
solid number of southbound investor
especially from our insurance companies
uh sectors from China they also taking
that um more conservative approach
looking at uh you know value names and
also high dividend yield names. So those
continue to be you know a good sectors
to look at as well especially with some
of the uncertainty still lingering right
around tariff.
What do you think could really derail
this equity rally if you look at the the
rest of the year right now? Whether it's
trade tensions, whether it is any sort
of policy um or the lack of stimulus or
what do you think could actually derail
this market?
>> But overall, I think um many of the the
risk factor I would say is um properly
um priced in. Okay. There are a few
things um you know when we discussed
during a conference earlier this month
and could be Chinese you know regulator
being too heavy-handed in terms of uh
this liquidity rallies. So we have seen
I think um you know regulator and
exchange are relatively cautious in
terms of how they guide the market. So
so that's one. The other one is whether
a global market will have a larger sell
sell off but with the Fed started
easing. So that seems also a relatively
manageable um man manageable uh risk. So
overall we just need to like all
sectors. I think overall US uh uh China
negotiation
the general I think consensus this will
be a medium-term ongoing um sort of a
negotiation. It's not a one, you know,
one-time deals, but uh the catalyst
hopefully will be on the upside either
today or the potential summit between
President Xi and Trump.
>> I I I'm I'm wondering whether I'm not
sure how to state this more
diplomatically. I'll just say it
bluntly. I wonder if investors still
care about
>> these trade negotiations. It it doesn't
seem to be featuring in many of the
these lists of risks to watch.
>> Yeah. you know, there seems to be other
good reasons to to to ignore any any
potential friction between, you know, US
and China, for example. So, I wonder
does it still come up in in your
conversations with clients?
>> It does. So, but but it's relatively I
think it's also a reflection of
resilience of the the company and the
economy. So, so we pricing our economist
pricing a year um decline of export. But
if you look at the data particularly um
you know to the rest of the world
actually overall u China's export has
been very strong. Um US also you know
down year on year down but it's holding
up relatively um um in a you know sort
of better than expected level but we
need to see the detail like what Steve
said. So what what happens during the
the talk today's and also the ongoing uh
negotiations but I think China is ready
to uh make a overall concessions and
also be prepared this is not a oneoff
negotiation it will be going on uh into
October into the year end into next year
>> Tommy was great to see you have a great
weekend I think there's a bit of weather
out there so stay dry stay in I have
some recommendations and fairly
lackluster
TV series out of Netflix. There's a lot
of that by the way. Tommy Fang, there
head of China global markets at at UBS.
Right, we are on watch for the BOJ could
come really anytime this hour now. Maybe
towards the latter part of the hour. So,
we live out of Tokyo next with Sherry to
give us a preview what to expect or not
to expect out of the Bank of Japan.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. And left side is
the equity market rally which continues
on in the Asia Pacific. Russell 2000
futures after hitting a record first
record since 2021 continuing to see some
upside a quart of 1%. And of course the
bond markets have really been well
behaved as the move index three-ear lows
in that S&P futures bottom uh off your
screen. So yeah, it seems to be a very
good place right now.
>> It seems like we got through the Fed
pretty easily. Um
>> what Fed
>> remarkably so. And so you know is is
there reason to think that this
everything rally can continue? Right. We
did speak with Amy Sha Patrick from
Pendle Group earlier about you know it
she's mentioned basically it's hard to
kind of stay bullish really in the short
term in the bond market. Take a listen.
>> In this environment, it's really
difficult for me to get short-term very
bullish on bonds. But I do think that,
you know, it's it's a matter of time
when you do get this kind of herd
thinking and her behavior happening in
equities. And if I start to see more
signs that the way equity markets are
moving are becoming more and more
divorced from the company fundamentals
and from the economic fundamentals, then
that opens up the gap for a bit of a
shock to to the system that may cause a
bit of a reset in pricing.
All right. Uh JGBs though, that
certainly is one thing we're watching
after we saw that 2-year yield, right?
We we briefly did touch to the highest
uh in terms of
>> 2008.
>> 2008, so 17 years, right? So maybe
there's anticipation that we might hear
a bit more hawkish tone from BUA later
on in this BOJ meeting. Let's bring in
Sheran, our Asia trade co-anchor, with a
preview what to expect from the BOJ. So
let let's first start off with the eco,
right? I mean, it seems like it still
remains strong. The inflation data
today, headlines suggest that things are
decelerating, but still above the BOJ
target. And still people are
anticipating that the BOJ can probably
hike later on this year, but the
narrative seems to be because of the
political situation, they just have to
hold today.
>> Yeah. I mean, but the inflation data
that you mentioned, yes, that pushed a
JGB yields higher, right? with a 2-year
yield at the highest since 2008 as you
guys mentioned and it's the expectation
that the Bank of Japan won't be able to
hold off any longer when it comes to
hiking the rate. We're talking about
potentially October swap rates now uh
swap markets pricing in 30% chance of
that October rate hike. But the
variables that you mentioned, political
uncertainty, that has led some people to
push back expectations of that rate hike
to come next month. Given that we could
see some of the lead contenders for the
ruling LDP leadership race for the likes
of Sana Takayichi, who has advocated for
aggressive monetary easing, but the
economic data is in place, especially
after we got more certainty around US
tariffs with that trade deal struck with
the United States in July. Now we have
strong GDP data, strong wage growth as
well. So inflation numbers this morning
decelerating a little bit on the
headline year-on-year growth of 2.7% for
core inflation. But take out energy
prices as well on top of fresh food and
you get inflation above 3% which is
obviously above the BOG's 2% target now
running for more than three years.
>> Okay. And c can we talk more about the
political landscape? There's a date. I
believe it's the first week of October.
What What should we expect and might
that once we're done with that then open
the door the clear a clearer path to
higher rates. Sherry,
>> so campaigning starts next week on
Monday and yes, the vote is on October
4th and the expectation right now is
that the lead contenders are as I
mentioned Takayichi who's a hardline
conservative who's advocated for
aggressive monetary easing and fiscal
spending as well. In fact, before the
election last year, she was one of the
lead contenders and she talked about how
stupid it would be to hike rates back
then by the Bank of Japan. Of course,
the macroeconomic picture, as I
mentioned, has changed significantly
since then, but she's still a lead
contender. We also have the agriculture
minister Shinjiro Koisumi though, who is
seen as more supportive of rate hikes.
So just uh thinking about aggressive
monetary easing might not be the right
strategy for markets pricing according
to some analysts who think the markets
have gone ahead of themselves. Of
course, we have seen this rotation out
of bank stocks into real estate, for
example, that relies heavily on debt.
But recent polls, including Kyoto,
showing that Takahuchi, yes, is a 28%,
but Koisumi is a 23% approval rating.
And we also have the chief cabinet
secretary, Yoshi Masah Hayashi, also
jumping into the race. And remember, the
surprise leader of the election last
year was Ishiba, who was seen as a more
neutral contender. will be watching the
top government spokesperson very closely
as well.
>> All right, Sher, thank you Sher. On
there, our Asia trade co-anchor and what
to expect out of the BOJ and of course
uh when it comes to that election. We
got more on that upcoming BOJ decision.
Goldman Sachs is going joining us next
here. They also say, you know, maybe a
hold, but you know, they might have to
hold till January before the BOJ
actually moves. Much more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. President Trump says US
broadcast network should face license
scrutiny if they're too critical of him.
Trump had earlier praised ABC's
suspension of Jimmy Kimmel over comments
about conservative activist Charlie Kirk
and also filed a $15 billion lawsuit
against the New York Times. Now, the
incidents have spurred worries among
Trump critics about free speech in the
United States.
>> Meanwhile, US authorities are continuing
to investigate Charlie Kirk's alleged
killer, Tyler Robinson. The US Secret
Service is said to be looking into the
22-year-old's online and gaming
activity. And the New York Times is
reporting that state media from Russia,
Iran, and China are using Kirk's murder
to stoke conspiracy theories. They said
in a report that official media have
mentioned Kirk over 6,000 times from
September 10th to 17th. Utah's governor,
meanwhile, made the same claim in a news
conference last week.
What we're seeing is our adversaries
want violence. um uh Champ China. We
have bots from Russia, China, all over
the uh the world that are trying to
instill disinformation and encourage
violence,
>> right? And we're looking at Chinese
media right now hitting back at those
claims. This editorial you see here uh
on our big screen right now is out of
the Global Times which singled out the
New York that New York Times report
saying it's using familiar narrative
against China. So the piece actually
accuses the US of blameshifting and
claims that it's looking to distract uh
from its own problems including gun
violence and political polarization and
certainly when you look at certainly
what's happening underneath the hood and
how this is being framed it certainly
just points to the very fact that this
also clearly has happened but it just
like the roles have shifted at this
point in time. Ivonne
>> yeah the fact that it's made it into
Chinese media is quite uh interesting as
well. Um but certainly it does raise a
lot of questions about what's next uh
when it comes to you know obviously
we've been tracking you know there's a
lot of political violence that's been
really sparked uh in America overall. So
certainly um
you know we have to continue to can
watch what what this means and really uh
the narrative uh and moving forward
here. So there there's a lot moving
going through here whether how the state
media and everyone is kind of playing
this right now. um in terms of the
markets and what we're seeing, you know,
right now we're focusing a little bit
more, of course, on uh what's been going
on in China, right? So, obviously we
continue to watch how the this rally
goes. Seems like right now things are
stabilizing just a little bit here as
well, but certainly uh there's a lot to
unpack here as we countdown to that she
and Trump call later on today. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are hanging out at lunch break of course
and we are still counting on to that BOJ
decision here likely to hold but
certainly what is going to say and in of
course and this the tone in which
whether he will open the door possibly
for a rate hike later on this year. I
mean this is after what we saw when it
came to those inflation numbers. Core
core was still pretty strong and above
that BOJ target. So there you go. That's
why you're seeing that 2-year yield
which we don't have here but yes 17-year
high for the 2-year JGB yield today.
Yeah, I think 88. Uh, the take from our
colleagues at Bloomberg Economics is
similar to advice. If you see a shark
out out in the waters, no move is the
smart move out of the BOJ. There we go.
>> Uh, Soft Bank, uh, big news there on the
vision fund. Um but of course the
percentage tells you much perhaps it
that well somewhat does a disservice as
far as the the absolute number of jobs
actually within the vision fund itself
but it's about a fifth of the the
headcount on the vision markets don't
seem too bothered uh by what's going on
the 1.2%. And the other big story of
course that's playing out in Japan today
and talked about the BOJ in this is
really Intel and yep there we go and of
course a massive move up in Intel shares
overnight of course Nvidia now uh
involved there the co-developing chips
and across the supply chain listed over
in Tokyo you do see some market reaction
there going into the morning going into
the lunch break here uh yeah there we go
on the Nvidia story we talk more about
that
>> it's certainly an interesting one right
because I mean these were two rivals for
what decades
>> and now you're talking about some sort
of co- co-marriage of some sort. Um, we
did hear from the NVIDIA CEO Jensen Hang
during a conference call with his Intel
counterpart Lip Bhutan. Take a listen.
>> The two technology teams have been
discussing and architecting solutions
now for probably coming up to a year.
Um, and uh the the two architecture
teams well it's three architecture teams
are working across working across of
course the GP the CPU architecture as
well as product lines for server and
PCs. And so the the architecture work is
fairly extensive and and uh the teams
are really excited about the new
architecture and so so the teams have
been working a while and uh we're
excited about the announcement today.
Rat three and Robert Lee our Bloomberg
intelligence senior analyst um on well
certainly unexpected pairing of two
companies as one is just pointing out
there they were competing and of course
now they're somewhat some somewhat
together. Do we look at is it worth
looking at who the winners are? Are they
both winners in in this specific case?
How does this work out? I think the
obvious winner is clearly Intel because
um I mean just to quote some numbers at
you uh at the peak of demand that
coincided with COVID they were
generating in excess of 20 billion
operating profit in a year looking that
was in 2020. In 2024 that had dropped to
a marginal loss. So there's been a
massive turnaround in their underlying
profitability for reasons we've
discussed previously. So there's been a
lot of talk today about them being
thrown a lifeline um which I think
there's a fair amount of truth in both
financially in terms of putting cash in
their balance sheet and obviously this
move um follows uh similar cash
injection from the US government of
about $5.7 billion and don't forget as
well I think in the last couple of weeks
we've seen uh SoftBank also put I think
$2 billion into them. So there seems to
be a a coalition of the willing I'm
trying to find the right phrasing there
but a coalescence of um companies with
you know either strong strategic
interests in developing the US tech
sector I would imagine as well with a
bit of backroom direction and
encouragement from the white house you
know to to help reestablish Intel to at
least to stabilize it financially in the
short term. Um but I think still there
are major question marks about the
growth outlook for for Intel. Yeah,
certainly I guess bringing some fresh
air into the the company, but does it
get them out of these troubles?
>> Well, again, as you said in your intro,
cast your mind back. Intel was
previously the global technology leader
um in semiconductors until uh TSMC
overtook them. And essentially, they
have two businesses. They've got the
design business, which is focused on the
PC market, and as we know, that's an
exgrowth market. Um the market's fully
penetrated. There are limited growth
opportunities. There's the server market
where Intel's quite well placed but
they've been under heavy pressure
because of competition from the likes of
AMD. Um so there are big question marks
there. They never really got into AI in
any meaningful way. And then finally
they've been pushing into Foundry or
trying to push into Foundry for I don't
know 15 years or so maybe longer. And
again that's a market dominated by TSMC.
So strategically what are they going to
do going forward? you know, they're
going to push down the foundry line,
which I think under Pat Gellinger was
was a sort of direction they tried to
take. That didn't really play off and
obviously Pat departed. Um, I think that
there was a lot of talk out there and
there's a lot of rationale behind the
arguments as to why maybe the company
should split ultimately in the same way
that AMD did. AMD uh hived off its um
foundry business into global foundaries
and you know looking back that was a the
right strategic thing to do. So I think
at the very least that is a major
strategic question going forward. They
can't be all things to all men. They're
lacking growth drivers. We need a very
clear coherent strategy. Cutting costs
and all the rest will help stabilize
things in the short term as will cash
injections. But what's going to drive
the growth of this company going
forward. I would say it's more likely on
the design side, less likely on the
foundry just because that's an
incredibly expensive business to compete
in and they've lost their technical
lead. and for any any concerns that this
might affect the outlook for TSMC,
should we just put those current
concerns to bed at the moment?
>> Um, yeah, I think so. Again, because
they've tried and not had a great deal
of success and to be fair, Samsung in
Korea has also tried to break into
Foundry. It's so dominated by the
Taiwanese. It's it's, you know, the boat
of sail to some degree. So, um, yeah, I
I think maybe sentiment wise there's an
impact. Um, but also don't forget that
Intel's high-end chips now are actually
fabricated by TSMC.
So again, I think that leads you sort of
logically, you know, the the the
greatest opportunity for Intel was
really in chip design, which is a lot
less capitaly intensive. Um, it is R&D
intensive, but it's a um a lot less
expensive business in crew terms to
remain in. Um, but they need to drive
maybe with Nvidia's help and they they
need to tap into growth markets and to
date that's something they've really
failed to do.
>> Robert, thank you Robert Lee there.
Bloomberg intelligence senior analyst
and yeah it kind of brings up some old
names like Oracle as well which
basically has really been really
catapulted into the spotlight here just
given all these AI news and the like and
even briefly uh made Larry Ellison the
co-founder the world's richest person
right and known for its database
software. Oracle has recently found
success in the red heart cloud computing
market and competing against the likes
of Amazon, Microsoft and Alphabet.
>> Yeah, Lubric Originals has been looking
into really how legacy tech giant, this
specific name became this massive AI
force. Have a look.
>> True to its name, only Oracle seemed to
see this coming.
>> Oracle is having its biggest jump since
1992.
What a blowout quarter for the software
company.
>> Maybe the stock of the year. And then
just days later,
>> Tik Tok's US operations are set to be
acquired by a consortium, including
Oracle.
>> Oracle shares spike after it's named as
part of the consortium.
>> What was going on? This was an old
school enterprise tech firm, tickling
investors in places only a flashy
startup normally reaches. Because Oracle
basically said that uh they have almost
half a trillion dollars of contracts to
be earned in the next few years and that
was a shocker.
>> Everyone was modeling maybe you know
$150 billion.
>> It blew away analyst expectations.
>> Now Oracle's deeply connected to one of
the hottest social media properties on
the planet and behind one of the most
ambitious infrastructure projects on the
planet. Oracle had been written off as a
kind of IBM like company. This is an
incredible comeback story.
[Music]
And uh if you want to catch the full
version of that, our subscribers can
check it out right now on the terminal.
It's also on bloomberg.com. It'll also
be up on the Bloomberg Originals YouTube
channel uh later today. So stay tuned
for that in case that's uh that's the
platform you catch most of your stuff
on. Ivon. Yeah, we're looking at other
sector or a little part of the corner of
the tech sector here right now. Right.
So, when it comes to brain technology,
right, Chinese startups are really
challenging the leadership that we're
seeing in the US when it comes to brain
technology these days, especially the
likes of Elon Musk's Neurolink. Now,
with Beijing support, Chinese companies
are building an industry analysts are
saying could grow 20% annually. And
investors are taking note here. When it
comes to venture funding for the sector,
this year has already more than doubled
what we saw from last year. Though when
it comes to private funding, the US
still has an upper hand. Now, in the
stock market as well, though, companies
related to brain research have surged. I
don't know if you've seen that video of
of one of these companies in China where
it's a parapolgic Dave basically trying
to play video games or playing video
games with just his mind.
>> I mean, it gives hope. I guess to some
extent, right? And it sort of it it
addresses some of the issues that I I
guess in many ways
>> using that specific example, you know,
physical limitations and in many ways
you're only limited really by how you
think. I guess in some ways as well this
becomes more philos philosophical, you
know, to what extent do we actually have
free will and might computers take
advantage of that gap? Anyway, I'm
getting into a a separate pocket of this
conversation. Let's talk about let's
pivot back though. Okay, I'm taking my
head back and I guess that's an example
of why perhaps the technology won't
chips for ourselves.
>> Um let's bring in Amber Tom here with us
in sets. Uh of course reporting notes
that that the Chinese government is
throwing its weight around behind this
field and I I guess why does this
technology matter Amber to to to China's
leaders?
>> Yeah. So as Ivon was saying, Elon Musk
really popularized this idea of brain
computer interface or BCI and
essentially it is a technology that uh
captures and decodes brain signals and
allows people to interact with um and
control electronic devices with just
their mind. And so far it's really been
mostly used in medical settings uh to
help paralyzed people regain uh
essential functions. But then we can
also see vast potential for this
technology in a wide range of settings
both in broader medical use and beyond.
So uh one startup founder that I
interviewed compared it to the next
smartphone. a real paradigm shift in how
people can communicate, how people uh
create or use consumer devices and it
can really spawn a wide range of
applications in um consumer use in
manufacturing and or even accelerate
developments in robotics and AI by
shedding light on how the human brain
works and learns and and and whatnot. So
it is really high stakes and um it is an
area that is so high-tech that China
can't really afford to be behind on.
>> We were just showing that video uh from
Shanghai Stair Medtech, right? The the
parapolgic patient that was actually
playing a computer game with only his
thoughts. Tell us more about what these
Chinese startups are doing when it comes
to brain computer interface. How does it
stack up to Neurolink? Yeah. So there is
a pretty wide range of uh brain computer
interface technologies and Neurolink is
still undisputedly the leader in uh the
most invasive complicated kind of brain
implants that are actually touching uh
patients brains but China is moving very
quickly um in clinical testing for a
wide range of different approaches. So
we have seen some companies give updates
this year where patients are able to
control bionic arms and uh drink some
water with a cup whereas they that
something they were not able to do
before or even start walking. Uh these
are people who are recovering from a
stroke and and really weren't able to
move that much. And in the case of
stair, that paraplegic patient was able
to play chess, play video games, text
his doctor, and really have a certain
level of autonomy that was not possible
for him before.
>> So I guess for people watching this and
looking at, you know, when can I get
this implanted in my brain? What what
what would be the first
>> uh brain implant product that might be
commercially available? So in China,
regulators are very open and eager to
work with companies and speed up the
process. And what I've heard is that the
first kind of brain implant um could be
avail approved as soon as next year, but
it will be a relatively simple device
that is uh limited to be has limited use
for people who are recovering from a
stroke and you can really only do simple
things definitely not playing video
games. So, if we're thinking about
consumer use or people like you and me
having these devices, I think we still
have some years to go. It's it's
definitely very cutting edge space, but
one to watch.
>> Very interesting, too. Amber, thank you
so much for bringing that story to us.
Amber Tongue there. Uh, and that
certainly is one to watch on the
terminal as well. We're also on really
Bank of Japan watch. Really, that rate
decision could come any time now. We're
going be speaking with Goldman Sachs's
senior Japan economist, Tommoiroto next.
This is Bloomberg. All
[Music]
right, we are checking dollar yen here
right now. Not a whole lot of movement
as we say like leading up to this BJ
decision. widely expected to not do
anything, but yes, those inflation
numbers that we got uh earlier this
morning did actually send that 2-year
yield to the highest since 2008. So
certainly that's one to watch when it
comes to the JGB market as well. Uh
joining us now is Goldman Sachs senior
Japan economist Tommoiro. Uh Tommohiro,
it's great to have you. So I mean it
seems like everyone in the street thinks
that they're going to hold here this
time around. Do you think it's really
just the politics that's really holding
them or keeping them away from really
hiking rates? And once we get through
that, how soon do you think we could
actually see a a hike?
>> Yeah. So basically we believe that the
next rate hike will be January from the
beginning. So no irrespective of those
recent political event. So actually we
haven't had made any judgment on the how
the politics affects the monetary policy
going forward. This is partly because
that each candidate hasn't mentioned
their renewed policy stance on the
monetary policy. In the last year when
they had another L LDP ruling party the
leadership election then some candidates
were a bit more affirmative to the to
the policy rate hike some are sounds
like a bit less affirmative to the
monetary policy but we don't know
whether they really maintain the same
policy stance or not. So one of the
candidate me Takai will make a the press
conference this afternoon. So I'm sure
that the market participants they're
really eyeing on on those things but and
so that's why it may be a bit too early
to think about those to judge make a
final judgment on those impact but
anyway the macroeconomic fundamentals
the tells that the BJ's rate hike is not
October but in January because at the
quarter economic outlook report they
published in July this year they clearly
say that the uncertainty remains on the
trade trade policies and they are
watching the what will happen in the
wage growth in 2026.
So they are warning that the tariff will
negatively impact on the wage growth and
that's why they maybe they need to wait
until January when they observe the
shunto shunto which is the leading
indicator of wage growth the the
momentum for those wage negotiation
round.
Uh Tommoiro David here based on what you
just said it seems that most if not all
of the risks to whatever consensus we
have on interest rates seem to be on the
downside.
If we if we if we remove politics we
let's remove that for now. Let's remove
the trade uncertainty for now. I know
that's difficult to do that but how much
tightening do you think the economy
needs right now given also that rates
are still deeply real rates are still
deeply negative
>> yet? So first thing first we we believe
that the neutral rate which is our
terminal rate focus as well is 1.5%. So
it's my current policy rate is bit too
low but my my our expectation that 1.5%
will be the terminal rate based on the
assumption that Japanese economy they
will finally migrate from the deflation
drop which we have been for in the last
two decades to the new equ new new world
where the 2% inflation is normal. So, so
basically that once we confirm the those
kind of positive momentum that the
inflation is sustainable then this this
should be enough for the BOJ to raise
the policy rate farther. So and I admit
that so I fully agree with you that some
economic numbers including a real GDP
growth is not very high but actually
this does not matter much at this moment
given that the Japanese potential GDP
growth is is considered to be somewhere
around 0.5% which is very very low.
It's interesting you mentioned January
because it it seems like when you get
past October,
you you start to get more complicated
into the political agenda, right? This
new government likely going to push
forward when it comes to some sort of
fiscal expansion, uh some sort of
package through parliament. Would hiking
rates, you know, in January actually be
a bit of a high hurdle then at that
time? And also I think some policy
makers have flagged some concerns when
it comes to financial froth and
particularly when it comes to Tokyo real
estate prices. Can they really wait
until January?
>> Yes. So those kind of fiscal risk is a
is a concern but it's not our base case
scenario. Partly because that we do not
worry too much about the fiscal risk or
the public debt sustainability risk in
the short run because now in the last
couple of years Japanese tax revenue is
increasing against the back of the
backdrop of the high inflation and the
nominal GDP growth but the interest rate
for the Japanese government is still
very low. So which really the helped the
Japanese government to reduce the public
debt to GDP ratio. in the last couple of
years it's dropped by more than 10% 10%
point. So it's a
>> so basically that the situation is not
that bad. So if the J Japanese
governments makes a fiscal easing but as
long as it is a short-term fiscal
spending and then we we do not think
that this will harm the Japanese public
sustainability significantly which the
bank of Japan have to consider. So, so
as long as the fiscal policies are
relatively manageable, so then the BOJ
can raise the policy rate because they
as they admit by themselves, the current
policy rate is too low compared compared
with the level they should be. So that's
why it's still hurdle to raise the
policy rate in January is not very high,
we believe.
>> Okay,
>> to Mohiro, thank you so much for taking
the time to speak with us ahead of that
decision. should come out anytime.
Mojito, they are senior Japan economist
at Goldman Sachs. And for viewers and
subscribers, Gman clients specifically
here can check the our our blog of
course as we go into uh today's
decision. Nothing much is expected as
far as action goes, but sometimes it's
really what it's words that hurts and
words that matter. So we'll see what the
words come out in the tone of how they
say it. Plenty more ahead. This is
Boomer.
[Music]
All
right, we are about 10 hours away from
that President Trump and she call,
right? So certainly that's going to be
the big thing to watch the next few
hours as well along the beside the BOJ.
But really issues on the table include
the fate of Tik Tok of course this
potential extension of their trade truce
and certainly uh the President Trump has
talked about that overnight as well. One
point of contention that we have to talk
about though as we highlight just a
little bit just now is soybeans right
the egg and agricultural side of things
because a commodity continues to slide
from what we've seen from the July highs
right and the concerns over demand when
it comes to US exports. That's because
China has basically abstained from
buying soybeans from America for some
time now and the first time since at
least the 1990s that China hasn't bought
any US soybeans at the start of the
export season. So you're seeing that
white line. This is 2025 basically and
it is at zero. So is this a sense that
Beijing is using soybeans as a trade
weapon leverage here uh in this trade
fight with DC? is of course the world's
top soybean buyer and consumers are
usually relying on US imports between
October and February. So this is the
time to actually be buying but they're
not. So certainly US farmers are
definitely feeling the pinch now. Dave.
>> Yeah. I mean they're looking at they're
looking at their systems. They're
waiting for the call because we're a few
a few to Ivon's point. We're a few weeks
into where we should be a couple of
million orders in already as far as
soybeans go. It's not just soybeans
facing the cold shoulder, right? China
has also killed its purchases of things
like corn, wheat, uh for the new and
that's even as it continues, of course,
to source these grains from from
elsewhere. Okay, that's just about it
from us here. We're looking ahead to
this this phone call taking place 9:00
p.m. local time today. We're counting
down to that and when you look at
implied vault, for example, to the
downside, which really underscores the
fact that markets don't seem to be too
much concern about this. So, this gets
us into the weekend. Happy Friday.